Flex is a display property value used to align child elements of a selected element in rows or columns depending on the value(row or column) of the flex-direction property.
We use justify-content property with flex to move child elements to the left(flex-start) to the right(flex-end) to both sides (space-between) to both sides but
with half a space on both sides(space-around) and to both sides with a space on both sides(space-evenly) if the flex-direction is set to row. We use align-items property to move the children on Y axis if 
flex-direction property has a value of row and if it has a value of column we move them on the X axis. Values of align-items property are flex-start (aligns the items to top
if its a row and left if its a column), flex-end(aligns the items to the bottom if its a row and to the right if its a column), center (aligns the elements to the center), stretch(stretches elements 
top to bottom if its a row or left to right if its a column), baseline (aligns element based on the text inside them). Flex-wrap can be used on the parent element to wrap the elements from left to right in a new
row or top to bottom in a new column depending on the flex-direction property.
We use flex-shrink and flex-grow properties on children of the parent that has display property with a value of flex. Flex-shrink allows us to shrink the child elements by adding the property to each selector and
entering an integer number. The elements shrinking speed is based on the number values of the flex-shrink in all elements (the bigger the difference between numbers the faster its going to shrink) . The grow just does this in reverse. Flex-basis is used to set a base size of the element.
All these can be set with flex property in the children elements like this (flex: shrinkNumberValue growNumberValue basisSizeValue(example px,em)).
Order property is used to set the order in which the children will be displayed and is added to each child selector individualy(p{order:1;} h2{order:2;}). 
We can also use align-self property on child selectors with all the align-items values and it works the same but only on each child individualy.
Align-content property is used with flex-wrap property to manipulate the placement of elements that are in a row and it takes the same values as align-items(align-items is used when you have just one row). 
Flex-flow is a combiantion of flex-wrap and flex-direction and the input format is like this(flex-flow:row wrap;) 